docs: CephFS mirroring updates around Peer Tokens (#10580)
rook/rook: Documentation/CRDs/Shared-Filesystem/ceph-filesystem-crd.md

    enabled: true
    # list of Kubernetes Secrets containing the peer token

>     # for more details see: https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/dev/cephfs-mirroring/#bootstrap-peers

Reviewer: Actually there is a similar example in [filesystem.yaml](https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/master/deploy/examples/filesystem.yaml#L113-L122) if you could update that as well

    # Add the secret name if it already exists else specify the empty list here.
    peers:
      secretNames:

>         - secondary-cluster-peer

Reviewer: If the list is empty IIRC you need `{}` else the empty list may give an invalid syntax.

Author: @travisn when i mentioned it just like that without `{}` I didn't observe any error in my testing.

Reviewer: Ok, what if we leave the example secret name commented out? It can be helpful to see an example
```
#- secondary-cluster-peer
```

Author: sure sounds good.

    # for more details see: https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/dev/cephfs-mirroring/#bootstrap-peers
    peers:
      secretNames:

>     # Add the secret name if it already exists else specify the empty list here.

Reviewer 2: The comment should be in line with spaces, `do a tab`

And why remove the secret name, let's keep it as for the first time it wouldn't be present.

Author: In the docs we have mentioned `Once mirroring is enabled, Rook will by default create its own [bootstrap peer token](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/dev/cephfs-mirroring/?#bootstrap-peers) so that it can be used by another cluster.`

Author: if we mention the secret name the default secret `fs-peer-token-myfs` is not created.

>       # specify the schedule(s) on which snapshots should be taken

Reviewer 2: Don't change this format, 
It's for the `snapshotSchedules`

Author: @parth-gr sure

    # see the official syntax here https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/cephfs/snap-schedule/#add-and-remove-schedules
    snapshotSchedules:
      - path: /
        interval: 24h # daily snapshots

>         startTime: YYYY-MM-DDT11:55:00

Reviewer 2: WHats this format of date,

IG you probably mean formats like this `YYYY-MM-DDT` and example as `11:55:00`,
If yes, kindly separate it out

Reviewer 3: Is `YYYY-MM-DD` a valid date, or will this also cause the example to fail? Do we need to put a date in like `2020-01-01T11:55:00`?

Author: Hi @BlaineEXE nope i don't think `YYYY-MM-DD` is a valid date format because after trying `2022-07-12` as well i got the following error from the operator logs : 
```
2022-07-13 08:58:00.814090 E | ceph-file-controller: failed to reconcile failed to configure mirroring for filesystem "myfs".: failed to add snapshot schedules on filesystem "myfs": failed to add snapshot schedule every "24h" to ceph filesystem "myfs" on path "/". . Error ENOENT: The date string 2022-07-12 does not match the required format
            %Y-%m-%dT%H:%M:%S. For more flexibel date parsing upgrade to
            python3.7 or install
            https://github.com/movermeyer/backports.datetime_fromisoformat: exit status 2
2022-07-13 08:58:00.814293 E | ceph-file-controller: failed to reconcile CephFilesystem "rook-ceph/myfs". failed to configure mirroring for filesystem "myfs".: failed to add snapshot schedules on filesystem "myfs": failed to add snapshot schedule every "24h" to ceph filesystem "myfs" on path "/". . Error ENOENT: The date string 2022-07-12 does not match the required format
            %!Y(MISSING)-%!m(MISSING)-%!d(MISSING)T%!H(MISSING):%!M(MISSING):%!S(MISSING). For more flexibel date parsing upgrade to
            python3.7 or install
            https://github.com/movermeyer/backports.datetime_fromisoformat: exit status 2

```

Author: We need to put the date in the format like `2022-07-13T11:55:00`

    # for more details see: https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/dev/cephfs-mirroring/#bootstrap-peers
    peers:
      secretNames:
      # Add the secret name if it already exists else specify the empty list here.
    # specify the schedule(s) on which snapshots should be taken
    # see the official syntax here https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/cephfs/snap-schedule/#add-and-remove-schedules
    snapshotSchedules:
      - path: /
        interval: 24h # daily snapshots
        startTime: 2022-07-15T11:55:00

>         # The startTime should be in the format YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS

Reviewer: The [ceph snapshot doc](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/cephfs/snap-schedule/#add-and-remove-schedules) shows `11:55` as an example time, just like we have in our doc. Including the date in the startTime just doesn't make logical sense if it's a recurring daily event. Why do we need the date if the ceph doc only shows a time?

Author: if we don't specify startTime , it takes the value as following `2022-07-19T00:00:00` for example : 
```
[root@centos-4gb-hel1-13 /]# ceph fs snap-schedule status |jq
{
  "fs": "myfs",
  "subvol": null,
  "path": "/",
  "rel_path": "/",
  "schedule": "3h",
  "retention": {},
  "start": "2022-07-19T00:00:00",
  "created": "2022-07-19T21:10:21",
  "first": null,
  "last": null,
  "last_pruned": null,
  "created_count": 0,
  "pruned_count": 0,
  "active": true
}
```
The above ceph documentation states : The start time is specified as a time string (more details about passing times below). By default the start time is last midnight.

....
When a timestamp is passed (the start argument in the add, remove, activate and deactivate subcommands) the ISO format %Y-%m-%dT%H:%M:%S will always be accepted. When either python3.7 or newer is used or https://github.com/movermeyer/backports.datetime_fromisoformat is installed, any valid ISO timestamp that is parsed by python’s datetime.fromisoformat is valid.
References : https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/cephfs/snap-schedule/#usage

Author: i think we can skip it in the example spec and let it consider as default value further mentioning a comment in there that if a user wants to use `startTime` they can refer to the CephFS documentation if it sounds good ? And they should use the appropriate format regarding the same.

Reviewer: I wonder if we could just handle this internally by prepending the date to the time in [AddSnapshotSchedule()](https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/ac06d035e6ef26c6fde3de576f004e3c0f73727a/pkg/daemon/ceph/client/filesystem_mirror.go#L98). Then it would be less confusing for users since they wouldn't need to worry about the date.

Author: @travisn do you mean prepending the current date in there in case the users only specify the time ?

Reviewer: Yes, that was my thought. If the date is meaningless but required, the operator can prepend it if not specified by the user.

Author: Hi @travisn @BlaineEXE I have made the changes based on our discussion in the rook huddle meeting yesterday. Can you please review and share your thoughts if the changes look good ?

Author: As discussed further as a part of different PR we can split out a document for Mirroring under `Shared Filesystem (CephFS)` section : https://rook.io/docs/rook/latest/Storage-Configuration/Shared-Filesystem-CephFS/filesystem-storage/

    # for more details see: https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/dev/cephfs-mirroring/#bootstrap-peers
    peers:
      secretNames:

>       # Add the secret name if it already exists else specify the empty list here.

Reviewer: please move the comment before the setting

    # specify the schedule(s) on which snapshots should be taken
    # see the official syntax here https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/cephfs/snap-schedule/#add-and-remove-schedules
    snapshotSchedules:
      - path: /
        interval: 24h # daily snapshots

>         startTime: 2022-07-15T11:55:00

Reviewer: In our yamls, the comments about settings show before the setting, so please move this down after the new comments.

Reviewer 4: this is not a valid time after some time. I think it makes sense to comment it out.

Author: For now I've commented `startTime` if it sounds good.

        # The startTime should be mentioned in the format YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS

>         # If startTime is skipped, then by default the start time is considered as last midnight.

Reviewer: It's UTC, right?
```suggestion
        # If startTime is not specified, then by default the start time is considered as midnight UTC.
```

Author: @travisn yep I just confirmed with the cephfs team in IRC  #cephfs that its UTC : `<mchangir> gauravsitlani, if start time doesn't have time zone info when creating the schedule, it is assumed to be in UTC; else, the timezone in the start date string is used and then mapped to UTC` 
I'll update the suggested changes here.

Author: To have this updated in CephFS documentation the following tracker has been opened : https://tracker.ceph.com/issues/56730
